Hey, Ben (Melsbacksfriend) here.  This file is exclusively for those in the modding community.  I just want to explain why I feel ready for a redemption arc.  You see what I did in 2022 was wrong and the way I handled it in 2023 was even worse.  Before we get into that, I need to define a term that I will use throughout this letter and provide a bit of history.  

Peanut Butter Goach (noun)
  Something I said during a time period in which I was less mentally stable that I now look back upon with embarrassment and will insist people not to remind me of it.

  Etymology:
    When I was very young (like a toddler) I said "coach" like "goach" and said that the orange branchline coaches from Thomas and Friends looked like peanut butter.

Peanut butter goaches of Nintendo modding by year:
  2017: I was just getting into modding trying to mod my wii u and I legit asked if the world was punishing me for exploitation.
  2018: I left an issue on PKSM comparing save corruptions to death.
  2019: I tried to ask people to help with research to unban a Switch (A feat that'd require knowing more about the SoC than Nintendo) after a now-deceased friend of mine accidentally banned a modded Switch.  
  2020: I tried to use intentionally non-functional modding tools to get the attention of people who knew what they were doing.  
  2021: I "Pulled a Notch (As in Minecraft Notch)" and made several promises that seemed infeasible.  
  2022: I mentioned 3d modeling Vaporeon claspers (claspers = shark penises) in Reisyukaku's server not realizing that there were minors there and ranted in Rei's DMs after being banned.  
  2023: I tried everything to contact Rei (Messaging mutuals, stalking and hacking) to no avail.  I feel like I've severely harmed this person and that's why in December 2023, I decided to start making things right.  

In the year 2024, I decided that it's time to take improvements seriously.  I finished a college calculus class with an A.  I've learned to make it more clear that my characters pass the Harkness Test.  I've been slowly (but surely) working on building a defense against Nintendo's lawyers, and I think all Nintendo fans can appreciate that (Don't worry, this is a nonviolent operation, it's the reason for the bizzare choice of license on this repo).  I've learned how to read the room better.  I've learned how to analyze the feasibility of tasks better and this is why I rebranded under TMC branding as I'm no longer alone in my projects, making many things feasible that weren't before.  I am currently taking Japanese and computer science at the same college I took the calculus class I got an A in.  Most importantly, I am trying to gain the skills needed to be accepted into large research teams, both related to, and unrelated to modding.  

Sincerely, Melsbacksfriend - The friend like no other!
